This place definitely had a line but moved quick. They have a prefixed menu to make ordering easy but can also create your own blend of toppings. Ice cream is definitely big enough to share- all toppings are blended and then blended into the ice cream. We ordered the Apple Jacks Avalanche and was definitely a refreshing ice cream choice and not too heavy.
Okay, i didn't know what i was expecting but they exceeded those expectations. This was so delicious. We shared one bc we both max out on sweets really fast but honestly i could have down one alone. My only this is i wish they had lactose free or vegan options but its okay. Super delicious and i cant wait to go back. We went with the cinnamon toast crunch/ s'mores mix topped with m&ms and chocolate drizzle. Omg amazing
Similar to Milk bar, this place has a four step process in order to get your soft serve!1. choose your base (cup or cone)2. choose cereal3. choose topping4. choose sauceThey mix the cereal into the soft serve, so it taste cohesive and delicious in each bite. We were able to snag indoor seating and my friend & I shared a delicious cup of soft serve together. I also really liked the decoration of the place.Taste: 5/5Ambiance: 5/5Service: 5/5
This may be my new favorite ice cream place! I ordered the Froot Berry Bliss, although I rarely opt for a fruity option when having ice cream. I loved it!! May seem pricey but it is a sizable portion. You could probably share with someone. I of course enjoyed the entire thing. They have several tables and seats at the bar, where you can watch the employees whip up the concoctions being ordered. It was nice being able to sit at the bar and not have to eat it in the heat. You also need to have some patience when you order. They blend the ice cream and cereal as it's ordered. Well with the wait!
Excellent and creative ice cream! So tasty and the vibes inside are cool. I will be back for sure !
A good place to visit when in search of a cold treat. 7year old approved, they have all the extra fixins to top of your ice cream and make it spectacular. Inside is cute, lots of screen's playing various quality cartoons. Welcoming vibe.
Delicious ice cream blended with toppings and popular commercial cereals. We got the Cocoa Dough combination and the ice cream was satisfying but a little too sweet. The main complaint is the stale cocoa dough toppings. A few pieces at the bottom were sour (maybe the wrong topping?!) and were not chewy like real cookie dough. The cereal and toppings blended in were good though. Good amount of seating indoors to enjoy the treat. Bathroom available as well.
Reminiscent of kith ice cream, but even better. The cereal is blended super seamlessly in the ice cream so that you get the same amount of cereal in every bite. However, it also manages to keep a crispy texture in every bite. And the ice cream quality is good. I had the specialty berry one that came with gummy bears on top and it was so freaking delicious - highly recommend!
Cute place, cute ice creams, but not a lot going on. They only have vanilla soft serve. The staff does artistically and carefully add your toppings on top, making it look really pretty. But for the amount and lack of flavors, it's pretty expensive. I likely won't be returning, but it's a super cute ice cream spot. I think it'd be cute for a date. They have interesting screen decor indoors and colorful walls.
Yummy yummy goodness!! I love that you can pick your own combinations or you can go off of their preselected ones! The ice cream was soft and light... not overly sweet, just perfect! Highly recommend if you're wanting a sweet treat after a long night in the city!
Fast service, the restaurant was nice and clean and my sister and dad loved the items they got. My dad got a basic vanilla milkshake and my sister got Cinnamon Toast Crunch ice cream with crumble on top. I do feel like the items were a bit pricey but I guess it is Nyc. And also by looking at the menu I didn't see any milk substitutes (almond, oat) so I wonder if this is available or if they only use whole milk.
Saw this place on Yelp and thought it would be kind of interesting to get some cereal-inspired desserts. We ordered the cocoa dough ice cream signature creation as well made our own custom cereal bowl that consisted of Reese's, Cookie Crisps, and cookie dough. Everything was great, though I wish they had oat milk as an option for lactose-free (they do have almond milk).Don't let the cereal aspect fool you, this place has fantastic mixtures of classic desserts and cereal toppings. It honestly just makes so much sense to combine the two since cereal is so incredibly sweet already.Recommended if you're looking for a new spin on something sweet that isn't generic cookies or ice cream.
I visited Milk & Cream for the first time back in 2019, and knew I would want to come back on my next trip to NYC! I've never been to another ice cream place quite like it.As you can probably tell by the name, Milk & Cream is based all around cereal. Basically, all of their ice creams are breakfast cereals that are blended up and topped with yummy toppings of your choice. I went with the Cookie Crisp Carnival, which has Cookie Crisp ice cream, cookie dough and crumbled Oreos. I used to have this cereal a lot as a kid, and biting into it as an ice cream was a trip down memory lane. It was so yummy! The other thing I love about Milk & Cream is the decor. They have these screens on the wall playing retro morning cartoons like the kind you may have watched as a kid. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in NYC!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! There is always a long line when I visit but that's no surprise since this place is so amazing! My husband and I love to try new ice cream spots and when this one opened up we couldn't resist. Not only do they sell ice cream, but cereal as well (my second favorite food) Lol! Milk & Cream Cereal Bar has had a couple cute themes to my knowledge (SpongeBob and Ninja Turtles) where they sold cool ice cream creations that went with the theme. My brother tried the Krabby Patty ice cream and, and thought it was really cool but couldn't finish it all. My husband and I always go for the basics though. I love the vanilla ice cream with fruity pebbles and Oreo cookie pieces on top. My husband gets vanilla with cookie crunch mixed in. Both are DELICIOUS! We highly recommend!
The slight tease of NYC warmth got me craving ice cream and I randomly saw a post about this place on ig so it felt like it was meant to be! I arrived around 3PM on a Monday and ordered immediately. When it comes to ordering, you have the option of creating your own ice cream, choosing a specialty, or choosing one of their other non ice cream items such as a milkshake or cereal. For the create your own, you get to choose one cereal which gets blended into your ice cream of choice (vanilla or cookie dough), one choice of topping, and one choice of drizzle.Not gonna lie, it initially didn't occur to me that the cereal gets blended WITH the ice cream. Anyways, I ended up choosing fruity pebbles for my cereal, gummy bears as my topping, and honey as my drizzle. Honestly, this literally tasted like cereal and milk in ice cream form! The texture is super unique with the soft serve and the crispy bits of cereal. It's definitely on the sweet side and you'll feel it midway through the dessert.Despite the concept being cool, one downside is that it is relatively pricy for an ice cream cone ($8). Wouldn't consider myself being a regular here but I'd be down to recommend it to my friends when in the area!FYI: Cup and cone are the SAME PRICE! I tried asking for mines in a cup with a cone on the side but they said they'd charge me extra so I guess you can't do that?? But also they gave me an empty cup when I got my cone so not sure why it's gotta be that way since that's practically the same thing but more inconvenient lol
The ice cream creations here are incomparable! Personal favorite is the fruity pebbles creation. Overall, the ice cream creations are so yum! The cereal flavors really shine even with all other things mixed together!
I'll always pick froyo instead of soft serve and I hate standing in line but I've had Milk & Cream on my food bucket list for the longest time because of my undying love for cereal. And it was worth it (even after the digestive issues a few hours later, curses). Don't be turned off by the line, especially on weekends - it moves relatively quickly and the orders come out within a few minutes. The menu has a ton of options for all your childhood cereal faves, which are pretty much all the fun cereals that my mom refused to buy. In other words, don't expect to find Raisin Bran or Grape Nuts here. I went with the cinnamon toast crunch and vanilla base, no toppings or drizzle, because I just wanted the full blast of cinnamon in my face. And it was GLORIOUS. The contraption they use grinds up the cereal and then mixes it thoroughly into the ice cream. (It's comparable to Milk Bar's famous cereal milk soft serve but instead of using the leftover milk, they just dump the cereal right in.)It's not cheap, about $8 for a small cup, and adds up if you're a group/family, but well worth a try if you're a cereal freak like me. The inside has four small tables and a bigger outdoor seating. Very Instagram-able if that's your thing but for once, there's something behind the hype too.
This one of the best ice creams I have ever had the pleasure of eating, if not the best one. I was stumbling drunk in NYC with my bestie when she had a hankering for ice cream and all of a sudden the heavens' glowing light shone down upon us. Across the street, as if on cue, we squinted our eyes toward the bright heavenly palace that I had only heard legends of. I was so excited, ordering the S'mores Galore and Chocolate Cookie (I can only vaguely remember the names) both in cones because how could we not. We grabbed our ice cream and started walking back to our apartment. Never would I have guessed we would have been making love to those cones in ways that are too MA for a Yelp Review. First base, second base, all the way cone. This ice cream was magical; rich and flavorful, reminiscent of all the best cereal milks you've ever had in your life, and that perfectly crunchy cone, wow oh wow. Do not deprive yourself of basking in the religion that is Milk and Cream Bar
The servings are massive here! Highly recommend sharing with someone. I got the Ice cream cup with s'mores cereal, cookie crumble topping  and a caramel drizzle. It was delicious!
The cereal milk soft serve really taste different, it kinda taste sweet combine with savory. Not as creamy as normal soft serve. They also have topping options if you prefer to sweeten it up. From their menu they also have a large selection of sweets, from cakes to milk shakes. Store front is small very fast just grab and go.
So delicious! You have choice between vanilla and cookie ice cream and than add one flavor of cereal they mix it and unique way and add it and u can take milkshake same way. It was so good. The place very cute also. We all love it!!
This place is such a charm. If you're a cereal & ice cream lover trust me this is the perfect place for you. The spot might be a little hard to spot because is like a hole in the wall in such a " tight " street. Parking is always easy to find, but, don't be like me and think it'll be a good idea to park for a second at the meters  and think you got time to keep checking the car, because.., i got a ticket doing that and the fine was $115 ( YIKES ). The space inside is pretty decent when they're not overcrowded, i guess i havent gone at a time that it was packed. Although is not huge, nor small, they made sure their interior was the eye catcher ( any kid would love it in here ). Now, it's the different varieties of cereal they have that is amazing. They also can put it in a cone or in a cup or guess what?! As a Milkshake. The workers are pretty okay, i could say one thing, idk if they just got it down packed or if they make it with love but that ice cream be bussing. Oh yeah, and as for me, cleanliness is a must for me and i can 100% say everytime i go its super clean and smells really fruity lol. Overall, Go Treat Yourself to a lovely ice cream spot in chinatown. You'll end up craving and wanting to put people on (dont be stingy lol put people on) lol. No- i dont get paid for the sponsor but hey, is that gooooood. Oh yeah btw, I'm Only talking to my cereal and fruity lovers. Dont come on my post sayingg " its too sweet for me, or they couldve picked better cereals" because again if its not your thing- it just wont be your thing. And, If you do go, i hope you come back and tell me how you enjoyed it.
If you love cookies and cream ice cream this is the place! You can choose any cereal you like to mix with your soft serve and it will definitely taste good no matter what. I love how soft and creamy the soft serve is
Kids and adults love this place. Fun, clean and yummy. Best milkshake ever!Staff are friendly
Fun ice cream spot, with major nostalgia. Menu allows you to pick your favorite cereal and have it blended in to soft serve or a milkshake, with just as fun toppings. While you wait enjoy little bursts of childhood cartoons and fun wall art. My friend got something totally different than me and really enjoyed it as well.
Wow might be the best soft serve ice ever had. Love this concept and reminds me of the kith ice cream too. Fruit loops went so well but I'm sure anything would taste good. Definitely shareable!
Okay, I came specifically for the Rugrats-edition ice cream before it ended the next day, and while I can't tell you at ALL what the flavor was (Reptar-flavored??) I can tell you that it was delicious. And somehow just FUN to eat.I am not one to generally eat things without knowing exactly what's in it (not in the obsessively-read-the-label-ingredients sort of way, but the very picky, I better know if there's onions, peppers, what's the sauce, I hate fruit toppings kind of way.Whatever it was, it was delicious, colorful and pleasing to the eye, had SPRINKLES, was creamy, high-quality, a healthy portion, and makes me wonder how I haven't paid a trip to this place earlier. I will most DEFINITELY be coming back, and I love that they had outdoor seating for me to enjoy it, WITH pretty hip tunes playing as well to add to the ambience.
Great stuff! Try it if you are in the area! You won't be disappointed, trust me! I highly recommend
Milk & Cream Cereal Bar is known for their chicken nugget ice cream (just nugget-shaped ice cream). Their ice cream is extremely rich and creamy (hence the name). The different cereal toppings are definitely interesting to test out. Who knew ice cream with cereal bits would be so good? There is limited seating in the store so large crowds, beware! My only complaint would be that the ice cream is a bit on the expensive side (it's NYC after all). 4/5 Good place to grab dessert with friends or to try out the nugget-shaped ice cream. I'm not sure if I would come here again, as the ice cream tastes pretty similar, even with the different cereal toppings. :)
Sing it with me everyone: I am Reptar, hear me roar, I am Reptar, the king of dinosaursThat's right! I ended up coming here for the 30th anniversary of Rugrats celebration (oh my dear lord do I feel old now). You walk into this location and everything is shockingly decked out in Rugrats images!  There's a bit of a line to order but everything is done super efficiently and it really only took 5-10 minutes to get what I ordered: A Reptar on Ice slush and a Reptar Ice Cream bar. Honestly, I was kind of scared of the Reptar on Ice slush. It was a green apple Jolly Rancher flavored slush with popping boba on top. Which to my almost middle aged self sounds like a sugar bomb. Which, it kind of is, but on a hot day, it was super refreshing. The green apple tartness really comes through and the popping boba was a nice little fun surprise when you would catch them. The bar itself, was also quite nice. The shell of the bar tasted like high quality chocolate. The inside of the bar (appropriately green, mind you) was filled with a standard ice cream base but had these chocolate covered marshmallows inside, which was pretty cool.Granted, I cannot attest to the fact if the bar turned my tongue green or not, but this was a suitable tribute to the Rugrats anniversary. I will totally be back here to try the year round offerings!
I've been craving Milk & Cream Cereal Bar ice cream since the day I was here. God!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was the best icecream I've had in a long time. Loved the fact that you can create your own combination or choose one from their recommendations.I got my own combination with fruity pebbles and captain crunch cereal, topped with more fruity pebbles and strawberry and honey drizzle. My boyfriend got their Chocolate S'mores galore combination without the cone. If you're a cereal lover, plus and icecream lover, then this is the place you need to try!!!!!!!!!!!I can't really say much more... this place was like HEAVEN to me. Andddd, the line goes by pretty fast so don't let that come in the way.Can't wait to be back!!!!!1,000,000 times recommended!!!
I love everything about this place and the collaborations they do never miss. Will always get Teddy Grahams in my ice cream now
The creativity and uniqueness of this places can really be a place for you to stroll down memory lane for your favorite childhood shows. I remember a few months ago it being teenage mutant ninja turtles themed but now it's rugrats. They have really long bench outside decorated with all the characters of the show and has enough space for a few groups to all sit on. The whole place is decorated with art from the show and has a couple mini screens playing parts of different episodes. Almost everyone I saw there was getting the reptar themed specials, I was thirsty so the slushy was for me which also came with mango bubbles on top which I love. I didn't realize what flavor it was until I drank and it was a bit sour which is when I realized it was sour green apple. But still so good. And I also wanted to make my own milkshake but seeing that I was gonna eat after just made me go for the drink. But now I really wanna go back to just try the reptar ice cream cup and bars. I heard that it's gonna be this theme for about 2 more months so make sure to stop by if you loved this show!
I always rave about milk and cream but not today. Yesterday 6/10 around 6pm I went up to the counter and ordered my ice cream on a cone. I sat down and saw other people getting their ice cream cone and realized how small the portion was, i figured it's due to new staff. So i went to the counter to ask if i could get my ice cream in a cup since i noticed the portion was bigger in the cups, and i asked if my cone can just be on the side. The cashier told the kid who was making the ice cream (who was about to make my order) and he was confused and i repeated what i wanted and then he YELLED AT ME. Say "where do you want your ice cream" and i explained again. I did not appreciate being yelled at, over a simple request. The cups at milk and cream are way smaller then the past and the price went up to $9 for a special ice cream. I added a picture comparing the ice cream i for yesterday to their cups in the past.
I stopped by today for some Rugrats ice cream with a friend and really enjoyed the nostalgic 90s experience!  They've decked out the store and outdoor area with Rugrats designs and it's super cute. There was a random Shawn Mendes fan event happening outside which was a bit strange but seemed to work to our advantage because there were no people in line here. Reptar ice cream bar: Super cute packaging/product.  The frosting on top was a little much (sugar overload) & it's super messy (drips green & melts quickly outside in the summer), but a fun experience & loved the bright colors. Reptar slushie with popping bubbles:  loved the aesthetic of the cup with all of the characters, the mango bubbles were really good & the base tastes like sour/tangy green apple (would be great to add vodka to if you're taking one home). Not sure what the itemized cost of the products was but for the combo of the Reptar bar and the slushie was about $19 which seems quite steep, though it is a special limited product line.  The day-to-day menu looks really good & is a bit more wallet friendly, I'll have to return to check it out.
Loved lucky charms blended into ice cream. Cookie Crisp was less of a success in the milkshake. Milkshake was heavy on milk and didn't have as much flavor.
Absolutely freaking amazing, sad there only one! It's the best Cereal and Ice cream you can get. Simple yet delicious. Can't go wrong with anything here. Small shop in the middle of nowhere in the city. The service is great too I feel like they judge you based on what you get lol
We jumped in when the line was a just a couple of folks outside. When we left, the line snaked down the sidewalk. The place is really more gimmick than anything. The soft serve ice cream I chose had Rice Krispies mixed in it which gave the texture of grit. The topping I chose was strawberry, there were 3 small slices on top. The location was well run and efficient. The product was not worth repeating.
The ice cream from here is delicious. I always like trying different flavors when I go and in the summer they also have a nice refreshing frozen lemonade with the popping bubbles. A bit pricier but definitely worth it for the quality and taste of their items. 10/10
This is one of my favorite places to go for ice cream! They have a lot of outdoor space for you to eat the ice cream at as well! They blend cereal into ice cream, and its so amazing. Froot Berry Bliss is my absolute favorite (probably the only thing I get when I go to be honest). It is also a pretty big ice cream, so perfect for sharing among two people!
This place is really cute, but is overpriced for what it is and the service is not very good. I don't think I would come back. There was a reallyyyy long line out the door, and I was expecting something of higher quality since the wait was so long. However, when I ordered, I asked for a cone in a cup, and they just gave me the cup. When I tried to tell them I had asked for a cone too, they ignored me and so I just ate it as is. It's too sweet compared to other soft serve and ice cream places I've tried in the past. Not sure why the price is so high. I wouldn't recommend this place. I still give it two stars since it was clean, staff was wearing masks, and it has a nice aesthetic.
I came here to try out their Pride-specific flavors! On my first visit, I split with a friend and got the "Me, Myself, and Mint" which was a mint chocolate ice cream with sprinkles, chocolate chips, and leaf-shaped chocolates. To be honest, when I got this, I wasn't too impressed since it was basically a normal mint chocolate ice cream with a few toppings. All of the toppings... were on top haha so naturally, my friend and I finished them pretty quickly, leaving us with just a plain mint chocolate ice cream.During my second visit, I decided to give this place another try and they were doing a $1 promotion so I felt like I had less to lose (besides $1 and an hour of my time haha). This time, I got the XO, OGX, which was a vanilla ice cream with Trix, sprinkles, peach gummies, and topped with a white chocolate XO. To be honest, when I first read the description, I wasn't too enthusiastic about it since it was plain vanilla ice cream... but what I didn't realize (and was a fool for not realizing earlier haha) was that they mix the Trix into the ice cream! Honestly, this was a game changer! A basic vanilla was transformed into a delightful tropical treat! The Trix provided a ton of fruit flavor as well as crunch which is what I was missing from the mint chocolate ice cream! This was honestly such an amazing combo that I'm willing to let go of my experience with the mint chocolate ice cream.
This is one of my favorite spots to grab dessert after dinner in Chinatown, Little Italy or Soho! This dessert spots allow you to choose and customize cereal and toppings with ice cream! This is a go to spot if you're trying to look for a quick and easy dessert!
I absolutely love the Milk & Cream bar. I've been to both their New York and jersey city location multiple times with friends, and it's perfect every time! Their store is aesthetically pleasing, and their changing cartoon themes are a refreshing plus! Not to mention their delicious ice cream. My favorite is their special "Cocoa Dough," which I get as a shake. Something about the yummy blend of cocoa puff cereal with brownie bites tops off with cookie dough gets me every time!
Quick dessert shop with the cutest interior. They also had amazing outdoor seating options that make for great pictures!  Ice Cream Swirl (Fruity Pebbles + Vanilla Ice Cream + Strawberry Topping + Honey Drizzle) and (Lucky Charms + Vanilla Ice Cream + Cookie Crunchies) ($7 each) // both were delicious and had the ideal ratio of cereal to ice cream! Would recommend trying these combinations or ones that you choose because I don't think you can go wrong with all the option:)
Found this cute gem in the city near little Italy. The place felt like a blast from the past with Rugrats themed ice cream, images and music playing. The staff was really friendly and the line went super fast. I ordered a vanilla and chocolate chip cup and hot fudge drizzle. YUM!
Y'all. This place is to die for. The first time I visited back in January (during the snowstorm) was SO good that it was something I insisted we go get again on our second trip to NYC this year. It is a little pricey compared to other ice cream places but IMO, totally worth it. I have nothing but good things to say about this place. If you want a sweet treat definitely check this place out!!!
We finally made it to try the ice cream nuggets tik tok was raving about !! So worth it. Was a nice dessert after our dinner. The honey sauce had a little spicy kick to it so it meshed so well with the ice cream! We loved it so much that we got a Order toGo! The nuggets will be available until 11/4 so definitely check them out !!!
Such a cute little spot.  Definitely enjoyed my cold treat on such a hot/humid day.  Will have to come back and visit.
Love this place! This is my go-to place to get my ice cream fix. The quality of ice cream and mix in's are amazing. All the special combo flavors are spot on and I can't wait to go back to try a milkshake. They have a couple indoor tables but also have an outdoor space to sit and chill at as well.
Just missed their Rugrats promotion. All in all the shop has standard ice cream flavors and toppings. Its in a great location by many interesting shops nearby. The wait was a little long at around 9pm.
I tried The Cookie Crisp carnival, it was amazing!There were so many more options I wanted to try. Will be back!
I've been to Milk & Cream Cereal Bar on two separate occasions and both had promotions attached to them. I love their different events and collaborations where they hand out freebies. I went to the National Cereal Day where I got a free cereal treat pop and a $1 Ice Cream Swirl collaboration with Ogx! I really thought this place was overhyped and overrated, but their ice cream is actually worth all the commotion. The ice cream is thick and creamy. It is very good quality for the price you pay. Definitely isn't something you can have every day, but it's such a nice treat!Their collaborations are very clever and creative. It really is friendly to all ages and their ice cream is very good! I highly recommend and will be back for more!
This place is so good. It's not cheap, but it's worth it. Anything with chocolate is the best in my opinion!
Personally I don't understand the cereal bar concept or cultural phenomenon, but my husband has been really wanting to go to a cereal bar. Surprised him with a trip to this place to try it out. The place was really clean, the staff friendly, and they have a nice area outside to sit and eat your instagramable ice cream. We ordered a cookie dough ice cream with Cinnamon Toast Crunch, chocolate sprinkles, and honey. It was solid ice cream, but again the cereal thing is beyond my comprehension.
So so sooooo good. Do it. Go. Get the ice cream. Yes, it's sweet, but it's made with cereal.I got the lucky charms mixed into cookie dough ice cream with sprinkles and strawberry drizzle. AHHHMAZING.
It's hyped up, and for good reason.You don't have to be a cereal lover to love this place. If you think every other ice cream place tastes the same you're highly mistaken. The ice cream is creamy but doesn't melt too quick.We ordered a cookie shake with Reese's and an applejacks ice cream with strawberry drizzle.TO. DIE. FOR.Just go, try it! Next time I visit def trying the hot ones honey sauce drizzle
Due to the pandemic there is a little outdoor seating to eat your dessert which I'm very thankful for since it was freezing. I ordered l: 1. Pineapple under the sea swirl - if you like soft serve with sprinkles and pineapple, get this! 2. Cookie Crisp carnival- if you like chocolate cereal get this
Wanted to love this place but unfortunately it fell flat.  The concept is great but the ice cream is simply nothing to write home about.  An ice cream swirl in a cup of cone is $7 but apparently it's a bigger serving in a cup so I would opt for that.  That definitely did check out as the Cookie Crisp Carnival in a cup was so huge that I couldn't even finish it among two people (nor did we really want to either).  This is one of those places where unfortunately quantity is prioritized over quality as the ice cream was just mediocre.  I get that it's soft swerve but it shouldn't have been mushy to begin with and there was simply nothing special about it.  I get the price but I don't get the hype.
Such an awesome idea and executed great!! It's just plain amazing- that's all I gotta say!!
This place was awesome, ice cream and cereal how can you go wrong. We came in with a group of 6 just 10 minutes before closing time, the staff was stellar despite us coming i
This spot has great ice cream but be prepared to share your ice cream. It is a large portion and can be quite heavy after a while. I really enjoyed the Apple Jack Avalanche (Apple Jacks, honey bunches of oats, and Cinnamon Toast Crunch blended with ice cream)
Omfg one of my favorite soft serve places. They give you SO much ice cream and the mix of the crunchies and cute teddy bear toppings is delicious - so worth it. I'm lactose intolerant but I'm willing to risk it all everytime for this ice cream.
It was freaking 4 degree Celsius but ice cream is ice cream and everyone seem to want it no matter the weather. There was actually a line when we got there after lunch in China Town on a Sunday afternoon. There's no indoor dining, but they have some standing spaces with heater. It seems that they are doing a collab with Nickelodion or something because they have some Spongebob menu specials like Krabby Patty ice cream sliders. I went for the usual create your own Ice Cream with Cinnamon Toast Crunch topped with banana, and I love it!It's pretty huge but it's easily gone since I highly enjoyed if. It's not too heavy, not overwhelmingly milky, and sweet but not nauseating. Looks pretty picturesque too! Had a bite of the cookie crisp carnival (one of their specials) and it was really good as well!
This dessert place is super cute with plenty of unique cereal flavors. I like how they make all the toppings very aesthetic, like the teddy bear graham crackers. I'm not the biggest fan of the cereal flavors overall since it's a bit too sweet for me, but I would definitely recommend that someone tries this place out (especially if you like cereal!). I think it's an interesting concept to have ice cream blended with cereal.During the pandemic, there is seating outside but it's fairly limited. There are still quite a few people who come after dinner, but I'm guessing it's more free at other times of the day.
So I've been wanting to come here after seeing many posts on Instagram with krabby patties and other fun Spongebob themed ice cream. So of course, on the last day of the theme, I decided to head into the city for a nice treat. My daughter loves Spongebob so I knew she would enjoy it as well. Initially, I was nervous about eating ice cream during the winter, but they have an outdoor area that's covered and heated,which was a perfect spot to try out our desserts. My daughter got the krabby patty, which is an ice cream sandwich with cake, chocolate covered ice cream, jello and fondant. All the pieces go together to create the iconic krabby patty as seen on the show "Spongebob". She really enjoyed it and took apart each layer of the burger to taste each part individually.Her favorite part was the "patty" portion of the burger', which was the chocolate covered ice cream. I kept it pretty basic and got the vanilla ice cream with brownie bite mix-ins. The vanilla ice cream was nice and creamy. The brownie bites added a nice texture contrast as well as a chocolatey element. For the amount of ice cream, there could have been more brownie bites however it was still very good as is. The staff gave us two free milk shakes. One with fruity pebbles and another cookie crisps. My daughter tried out the fruity pebble milkshake and she loved it. The second milkshake is in our freezer waiting for us to try it out. I definitely plan on coming  back to Milk & Cream Cereal Bar. I can't wait to try more of their combos and creations.
Ice cream blended with any cereal of your choice is the premise of a business pulled straight out of a sugar fiend's wildest dreams, and here it is come to life. They've really blown up after many media appearances as well as partnerships with Spot Dessert Bar, with influencers like @foodbabyny, and even with Nickelodeon. Their marketing tactics are slick but they actually have a quality product to show for it. My sweet tooth has brought me here on a number of occasions over the years and I've tried everything from their chocolate s'mores galore to their milkshakes.I think what really worked for Milk & Cream is that they were one of the earlier purveyors of dessert made for the Instagram age. Each ice cream swirl is made picture perfectly, replete with cute toppings like teddy grahams and caramel drizzles. There's a bright neon sign up front that people love to take photos in front of. Unlike many other social media dessert playgrounds that lack any substance, the ice cream at Milk & Cream is quite tasty, and you have a long list of choices when it comes to what cereal you want blended into it. Most of the classics are on the menu, and the machine they have to blend the ingredients together does a great job of distributing just the right amount of cereal throughout the ice cream, so each bite is equally satisfying.With every subsequent visit I am finding the ice cream here more and more overly sweet, and it doesn't help that every single cereal choice they have is a very sweet one, almost without exception. It would be nice to have more neutral options like Crispx, plain Cheerios, or even Kix, since the ice cream itself is already very sweet. I realize though they're not catering to palates like mine, as much as I crave sweets, but to people who would gladly make "there's no such thing as too sweet" the mantra of their life. If this is you, this is your place.
I tried the Blue Clues milk shake and also the ice cream sandwich.  I got the Ube milkshake and that was so so so good!  This I give a 5.  You could taste the ube in it and I was so surprised because these things are usually very gimmicky and don't taste like the actual thing.  I would definitely get this again.  I got the ube ice cream sandwich and that was unfortunately, not good.  The cookie part was so hard and it wasn't soft at all.  I'm glad I didn't break my teeth or jaw from taking a bite.  I guess I could've let it thaw a bit first, but it was really really rock hard.  It was harder than your average take-out-from-your-own-freezer hard.  The ube ice cream itself was also really hard.  I couldn't taste the ube as much when compared to the milkshake.  I wouldn't get this again.  I also ordered a box of the Vita inspired mooncakes.  I am a huge sucker for things like this so I knew I had to try it.  The box itself was pretty pricey for what you were getting, but I didn't mind because it was for a good cause.  The mooncakes were just okay.  You couldn't really taste the flavors.  They all kind of tasted the same to be honest.  If they were to re-do this, I think they should make the mooncakes bigger and revamp their recipe to make them more tasty.  I would also lower the price.Overall, a cute mom and pop ice cream spot.  I will be back to try their other milkshakes since that was really good and also their soft serve.  Don't think I will be getting another ice cream sandwich though.
Super cool ice cream bar where you can mix your childhood cereals. Be prepared to wait online but it moves pretty quickly.
I got the limited time nonja turtle ice cream pizza. It was so cute and delicious. Love the creativity they put behind it. But, their ice cream looked amazing as well! Will totally be back to try it !
This place is a must for Ice Cream fanatics! On 2nd thought, this place is a must for everyone! The themes are fun, good looking and so creative. I got the fruity fruit berry bliss and it was just that! Pure bliss. The place  is clean, well maintained and has cute decor that makes for fun pictures (I was way tooo eager to eat my ice cream to think about a setup) The cone I had was French Vanilla flavored. They had other colors for cones that included green, red, pink purple and more. Staff was friendly and all covid guidelines were followed. What was unfortunate was the outdoor area, no formal table and chairs despite the space to do so. No biggie, i will definitely be back!
The decadence of having a warm day meet the perfect afternoon creamy treat... ok, someone needed to warn me that I'm a princess.  As a benevolent royal I will share with all of you this wonderful gift. Equal parts ice cream, cereal, topping, and sauce make this a delicious treat. Where they double down is the... well... its.... dammit I don't want to share. [Person in background whispers... red velvet cone]
After a nice day at the park, my friend and I decided to go into Chinatown to get some ice cream. We decided on Milk & Cream because it has really good reviews, and when we saw the line we knew the reviews must have been true. Order:- Vanilla ice cream, Oreo cereal, rainbow sprinkles Pros:- Great tasting ice cream - Cute outdoor seating area- Themed ~ Mutant Ninja Turtles theme rn Cons:- Long lines- Your typical pricey, but pretty ice cream Overall: Great tasting ice cream. If you don't like super sweet ice cream, I wouldn't recommend the fruity pebbles. But my oreo ice cream was delicious
Good ice cream. They have a lot of cereal combinations available. I got the vanilla icecream with french toast crunch cereal and brownie bites topping and chocolate and honey drizzle. Very good.
I love this place! Such a cool concept. They have two ice cream flavors, vanilla and cookies and cream and you are allowed to mix in any cereal into the ice cream.They have a new teenage mutant ninja turtles pizza shaped ice cream which is for a limited time only, so the line was was super long (maybe 20 people), but totally worth it.The limited addition ice cream was delicious and I can't wait to go back and get it again before its gone. The people that work there are super nice and friendly and very helpful.IG-@traveleen_gurl
The line was kinda long but wasn't a bad wait. The ice cream was super cute and tasted good! I liked that there were a bunch of toppings to choose from. I got graham crackers and sprinkles. The workers were nice too.
I had the Cookie Crisp Carnival, it was amazing very creamy and the cookie flavor was perfect. Instead of cookie dough ice cream I used vanilla.I definitely will go back.
We went to this place because we were in the area and it was good but not totally lived up to the hype! Probably because the cereal is so blended that it made it just all one consistency, yes there were toppings but they put on a very minimal amount. Texture is what was really lacking! Overall, good place.
I really enjoy coming here every now and then. They have a really great set up currently, you go to the front and just order your ice cream. They have various cereal options and toppings. I ended up getting the lucky charms ice cream blended with vanilla ice cream and topped it off with rainbow sprinkles . The ice cream was fantastic!
This place is so cool! You get to pick what kinda cone you want, the topping and drizzle! So good must try ice cream spot in NYC!!!
This was one of the last stops I made before I went back home to California. Maybe because I ate my little heart out and was food fatigued but I did enjoy the Cookie Crisp Carnival ice cream, I just was not amazed by it. It's a cute well-known ice cream shop and I loved being able to finally try it out!
Small ice cream shop with soft-serve, milkshakes, & bowls of milk, all with cereal mix-ins. The options are highly customizable, but they also have pre-set choices as well. They have both bowls and cones for their ice cream. I went with one of their pre-set ice cream choices and was very impressed. Unfortunately there isn't really any seating 8.5
During COVID: I've had Milk & cream on my radar for months now and finally had a chance to stop by. They are open during quarantine. I ordered a vanilla based cone with Cookie Crisp and Reese's puffs with crushed M&M topping (3.5/5). Was it good? Yes. But it wasn't memorable enough for me to crave it again. I also didn't realize that they actually blend the cereal into the ice cream. I do typically like cereal as a topping.My partner got the frooty special cone, which I must admit I was not a fan. Its taste was too much like artificial grape and it's a big minus when I see gummies as a topping on ice cream due to it becoming very hard and unpleasant to eat.I personally like the ice cream at Soft Swerve much more as I love taro ice cream. That being said, if you are looking for an instagramable cereal soft serve fix, this will definitely hit it.
This place is quite nice and cute! And better yet, it smells amazing! The milkshake I bought was curiously really sweet but not insanely sweet at the same time. Unlike other milkshakes, this one is quite refreshing and it does not leave you parched from all the sugar. I hope that they could put more syrup in the drink next time though!
One of my favorite cereal icecream places. I'm a huge cereal and icecream/froyo fan so I've tried all the ones in the area, including the famous milk bar cereal soft serve. None compare.For starters they have every single cereal you could ever want to make a custom sundae. They grind whatever you choose into the soft serve which truly encompasses the flavor throughout. Then if that wasn't already good enough- you get to add more cereal to the top! (And whatever other toppings you choose)I have also had the pre created sundae combos which are also equally delicious. Ends up costing around $8 but is a large portion (have shared with my sister). I have/ will continue to go back.
I had came here right after the lunar new year Parade in Chinatown, a lot of my friends are craving for something sweet so we saw this really cute ice cream shop that was open. As soon as you walk in there is a display of screens that plays some very nostalgic cartoon such as Rugrats Simpsons Powerpuff Girls Futurama a lot of the classics from the 90s. Overall there is a lot of options so it was very hard to decide, I was craving for something that had some type of oats in it so I went with the honey oat crunch cereal. It's also a good tip to know that if you got a cone or a cup it's still the same price so depending on if you're walking or if you're staying in depends on what you're going to order. I did find that it was a little too sweet for me I literally couldn't finish all of it I just had a couple of bites but it's definitely for someone who has a sweet tooth it's a great place to hang out with friends to take selfies and photos definitely would be back in the future.
Great treat bar! Lots of options for toppings! And they signature mixes make it easy. I could barely choose! I went with the cookie dough carnival signature mix and it was delicious. Good vibes and very quick service. Enjoyed the rugrats theme. Great place to bring a friend and sit outside for a chat.
Found this cute gem in the city near little Italy. The place felt like a blast from the past with Rugrats-themed ice cream, images, and music playing. The staff was really friendly and the line went super fast. I ordered a vanilla and chocolate chip cup and hot fudge drizzle. YUM!
This ice cream tastes just like cereal soaked in milk it's delicious. I chose vanilla because the only other option was cookie dough. Then I added Oreo O's cereal with cookie crunchies and it was yummy. Super flavorful. You can choose a cup, milkshake, cereal bowl, or pint. The milkshakes looked really good too. The only thing I wish this place had is chocolate ice cream. Overall it was pretty good.
I've never been a cereal and milk kind of girl - it's never done it for me...but I do love ice cream. Who doesn't?!! Nonetheless, Milk & Cream's ice cream blows it out of the park! This is my second time coming and it was just as good as I remembered. This time, I ordered a swirl with honey bunches of oats, toasted coconut flakes, and a honey drizzle and a pint of cookie dough ice cream with coco puffs and captain crunch to take home. The total came out to $20 and my belly was happy!
Great bunch of guys working behind the counter.  Honored a military discount which was generous of them as not many New York establishments offer or recognize that.  Thank you Milk & Cream Cereal Bar for supporting the military community.
I got some sort of cookie ice cream situation. Don't recall the name but it used those light brown cookies they give to you on Delta flights. It was phenomenal.
I got their vanilla soft serve with Fruity Pebbles, with Chocolate Drizzle & Brownie Pieces as a topping and it was definitely yummy! If I wasn't the messiest ice cream eater and had to walk back to Seward Park with this ice cream, I would have gotten in a cone, but I picked the less messy cup. It was super yummy! For some odd reason, my brain didn't process that the cereal I'd pick would be IN the ice cream I'd pick, but it made complete sense once I ate said ice cream. I do kind of wish they had a third base of "chocolate" because I'm a chocolate ice cream dork. When I went they were doing the Rugrats promotion/occasion, and it did look really good. I wish I had the stomach space to try one of those specials. It's really cool that they develop all of these new flavors (like the Rugrats ones) in-house. The folks working there were very friendly and I will definitely have to come back when I'm in the area next!
It's awesome how they've made changes for not only covid but also the winter weather. There is an outdoor section fully covered that protects customers while waiting. There are social distancing protocols in place when you order and where you wait. Now for the exciting part- the ice cream! It is as delicious as it looks and there are SO many choices. Once you've crafted your favorite treat, you'll wait outside and your number will be called.
When I saw this place on Yelp, I knew I had to try it. I tasted the first bite and instantly was sent to heaven. I am not a huge dessert person but this took it to another level. I couldn't get enough of it. The ice cream/cereal fusion is something everyone needs to experience. This is the best dessert I've ever had.
Such a unique and adorable ice cream shop to spice up your usual ice cream order. There are endless combinations you can choose from to form your perfect  cup or cone. With the standard cup/cone, you get the choice of either vanilla or cookie dough ice cream, mixed with your choice of cereal (one of your favorites is bound to be in the list), 1 topping, and 1 sauce. You can also choose one of their signature creations which all looked delicious as well. Cereal and ice cream is a match made in heaven so you will definitely not be disappointed!
It's not all that. Just a ice cream shop. Nothing special unless you like cereal toppings.
i'm visiting new york and came across this ice cream place. it was AMAZING ! they blend the cereal of your choice into the ice cream. then we got to pick one topping and a drizzle ! the ice cream was soft and creamy, and the fruity pebbles blended inside added more flavor and texture. i got brownie bite toppings and chocolate drizzle, which added a nice chocolate flavor.
Taste very good, very refreshing in the hot summer day. And They have lots of combinations. Must try!!
Can they please open one of these in LA?! This place was SO good. I got cookie crisps with cookie dough ice cream and a chocolate graham cracker topping. It was worth the long walk from east village and still delicious in the cold!! Will be back again soon hopefully!
