I ate here Monday night for a working dinner with a coworker. I immediately saw its reason for name, beyond the owner's fandom of the show of the same name: the tablet setup are nearly all communal long tables. There're rather few non-shared tables which is fine as not only is NYC filled with such setup but there's a liveliness in the Columbia area vibe which prefers this setup. There's a shortage of such nice sit-down restaurants in the Columbia area so this place is not only capitalizing on its presence but doing so with great style and flare.

I ordered the beef burger which was very juicy, perfectly lean, well sauced, cooked as desired (medium-well, for those who wonder), and paired with a dill pickle, a handmade cole slaw that lacked mayo (which is good as mayo's pure trans-fat), and a spindle of fries. My coworker got the salmon sandwich, same review applies.

Awesome bar alongside, but we didn't patronize it. Vast amounts of seating and an open kitchen where tons of food is prepared live makes for a fun environ.

I accidentally left my headphones, called to ask if it was found, and fetched them the day later. The staff were so helpful, kind, and soft-spoken about recovering and returning it that I'm duly humbled. Thanks, all!
The food here is quite good, and I have no complaints in that area. The reason for only two stars is the cost of that food--OMG are they overpriced. My wife and I went here for breakfast. We each ordered blueberry pancakes and a cup of coffee--no fresh fruit, no juice, no bacon. The pancakes were $13 and the coffee was $4, so the initial bill was $34. The tax was $3, and I left a tip of $6--resulting in a final total of $43 for a breakfast of flapjacks and coffee. Now I know this is NY and costs here are higher--but $43!  Ugh!  There are a lot of nice places in the city where you can get a very good breakfast for 1/3rd to 1/2 less than Community. I recommend you seek them out.
This is such a good brunch spot! The food, service & ambiance was exactly what we were looking for. We sat at an adorable table on the outdoor patio and our waiter (sadly forgot his name) was awesome.

I started with a raspberry iced tea & ordered the community custom egg white omelette with sautéed spinach & mushrooms and a side of smoked salmon. The omelette was thin (I would ask for eggs more well done next time) and was jam packed with veggies. The mushrooms were perfectly cooked. The salmon was so fresh and delicious. 

My friend got the house smoked salmon plate. He loved it! I used some of the chive cream cheese on the toast that came with the eggs - highly recommend asking for some on the side! 

We also shared & loved the fruit salad. We were pleasantly surprised by how big it was and the fruit was all very fresh. 

Overall, great brunch & highly recommend for a lovely brunch! Such a cute neighborhood spot and perfect for a pre-park brunch.
This place is great for Brunch. I went with my mom and my brother. Even though they were super busy, they were able to seat us right away, and our food came in a timely manner. The server was very friendly and sensitive to my dietary restrictions. 

The food was very fresh, and the chefs knew exactly what they were doing. I ordered the eggs benedict florentine. The hollandaise sauce was perfect: smooth and mildly tart. The biscuit under it was cooked to perfection. The eggs were perfect: solid on the outside, runny on the inside. However, the spinach although cooked well, kind of took away from the dish. It was difficult to cut along with everything else, and pulling the spinach out from under the uncut part made parts of the egg fall off the biscuit. Had the spinach been softer, this would have been more enjoyable to eat. Otherwise, it tasted delicious. 

My brother had the Huevos Rancheros. I wish I had ordered that instead. It was delicious. His eggs were sunny side up, and perfectly runny. The beans were seasoned perfectly, as was the rest of the tomato sauce, The tortilla was fresh and soft, and it came with delicious guacamole and sour cream. 

My mother ordered the frittata, which was also very good. As per her request, they put less goat cheese. The flavors blended very well together. The portobello mushrooms were cut into small enough pieces to fit in one bite, but were soft enough to cut further if they were too big for you. The frittata itself was soft and fluffy without being undercooked. 

Their coffee is from Brooklyn Roasting Company. I don't normally drink coffee, but I would have had a whole cup of it had I not ordered the hot chocolate, which was also delicious. The hot chocolate was made with real cocoa powder and milk. 

I gave this place four stars instead of five because of the consistency of the spinach in the eggs benedict florentine. Otherwise, I'd have given this place five stars.

Veggie sandwich on gluten free bread here. Nom nommmm. The veggies were perfect and fresh! 

Unfortunately, the GF bread is an upcharge for a sandwich half the size of the normal sandwich. Still delicious, but sad when you see your non-GF friend with a full size sandwich. I wish I took a picture, but I dug right in due to brunch hunger and slow service. 

I'd come back again, but be sure to have a snack before if you are feeling at all hungry like me.
I came here on a Saturday morning with one of my friends without a reservation around 10:30 am and luckily we were seated outside right away. A man came over to the table and filled our waters but didn't introduce himself as our waiter so I wasn't sure if he was the busboy or the waiter; regardless, he took our drink order. I ordered a mimosa, which was pretty good, and my friend ordered a coffee which was served in a huge mug. We both then ordered the breakfast biscuit. I was not a big fan of the sausage that was served with it and would much more have preferred bacon but overall it was good. And the carrot hash browns were yummy too! They were mostly made of potato with hints of carrots, so it wasn't too carroty. The bathrooms were also clean! My friend and I had a very good time.
I've come here several times with a friend for brunch and once for dinner -- we've both really enjoyed a lot of the breakfast foods available; my favorite is the brioche French toast with blackberry and lemon curd & she loves heir waffles. Their maple butter sauce light, sweet and adds a nice taste as opposed to heavier syrups. If you come between 8-9am they have a pancake deal (blueberry or chocolate and a coffee or OJ for $12, not bad considering the area and average prices. Pancakes were fluffy and very filling) 

Their lattes sometimes taste a bit burnt and not mixed properly -- don't waste your money. 

Dinner looked pretty...and that was all. Overpriced small portions that were essentially inedible.

Dinner on Tuesday, usually a quiet affair, but given that Community is one of few good spots on Broadway for a good sit down, even at 6:30 p.m. it was bumping. I work at CU, and may be one of the few people that's never been to Community before. 

Nice little tip, they have a deal between 5 pm and 7 pm on weekdays - beef burger and beer for $16. To note - any revisions/additions to your order is $2. Let's be honest, sometimes a man just wants some sweet sweet avocado in the cool winter months. Nice little draft selection, I went for the Fire Island Beer Co. Lighthouse - nice and crisp and not hoppy - a rare breed in NYC. 

Our waiter Sam D. was the perfect level of attentive, there for a question and to fill our water glasses, I don't think my ever dipped below half-filled. All and all a solid meal, the burger was a wee bit dry, but cooked to my specifications (medium rare). I'd be interested to check out their lunch, which alas is usually a crush of CU staff and students, but there's always summer break ...
Came here for brunch with my wife after she found the good review, and it did not disappoint! 

We did have to wait to be seated (which is a good sign even though no one really wants to)...

The food is awesome! Very fresh, clean, and NOT oily, which is my usually qualm.

Disclaimer: I like diner food but it is almost always to greasy which I hate, but this place has very fresh and carefully prepared food. 

I wanted to order everything off the menu, but settled on the juevos rancheros with side of carrot hash browns, and biscuit. My wife got the blueberry pancakes. Everything was awesome. The hash browns were not the least bit greasy; the pancakes were delicious, and I really enjoyed the juevos (w/ chorizo).

I also tried my first ever bloody mary, and it was really good. 

Will definitely be back!
This place is fantastic. Everyone is super friendly and accommodating vegetarian requests! P.s. Your whole party has to be there to be sat!
Excellent menu!  The seven grain waffles, blueberry pancakes with a side of turkey chorizo. Who knew turkey chorizo existed!!!
All the food was amazing. My new favorite brunch spot. Will be exploring more items on the menu.
Service is great - our water was also filled, our coffee was replenished at appropriate times. The attention to the details of the flavors in the food is impeccable. The accompanying sauces and jams were so memorable and delicious! 

Initially, we went for brunch in the early afternoon, but ended up staying for appetizers and split a bottle of wine.  The staff did not make us feel guilty at all, but welcomed us to stay until their dinner hour started. During the whole time, not one waiter came over to encourage us to pay our bill and leave. Instead, they filled our coffees and water. Speaking of coffee - their black drip coffee from a roaster in Brooklyn is delicious! Down to the last drop - it was smooth, nutty, and not bitter even cold. 

Details of the food, including the presentation of each dish. The biscuit sandwich was healthy-ish as they utilized whole wheat flour. The sausage was not fatty at all and the meat patty - although a little smaller when compared to the biscuit (meat:bread ratio) was small, it went was so tasty with the tomato jam, as well as the perfectly cooked eggs!  The raspberry preserve was so fresh! Not overly sweet and definitely enjoyed the seeds within the preserve.  The 7 grain waffle with the fresh berries, butterscotch sauce (maple glaze?) with FRESH whipped cream was THE BEST dish there.  There was a raspberry sauce beautifully spread on the plate that added a nice tartness to the whole bite. Pancakes were fluffy and they used real, non-frozen blueberries which I loved!  The sauce that came with it was definitely different than the waffle glaze, so it was so tasty to discover the flavors within the glaze. 

Community is definitely one of my favorite, non-boozy brunch spots in the UWS/Morningside! Will go back!
Traveled up here from the upper east side to get away from the usual brunch places. Only a 20 minute bus ride from 79th, very easy to get to. Came on Sunday near 1pm and it was VERY busy, ended up waiting an hour and a half (1 hour more than we were told) however, the food was ah-mazing. Everything looks and sounds good and this place smells like heaven. I had the special of 2 fried eggs, vegetable ragout, bacon and truffle vinaigrette and it was Delish. Cheaper brunch cocktails than most places (only $10....but yes, it is nyc where most are $14+) if I have one recommendation, it's the POTATO PANCAKES!!! SO GOOD, My bf and I split them. He had the pancakes and said they were the best he had in the city. Also GREAT FOR GLUTEN FREE! I am gluten/dairy intolerant and they were able to fully accommodate me. Also super close to Colombia's main campus, great place to walk around and digest.
2 HOURS AND NO FOOD!
Sunday Brunch July 13th 2014. We had to wait 30 minuets for a seat OK Sunday brunch it's popular. 15 minuets wait for the wait staff, 45 minuets before we got the wrong dish! another 30 minuets still no food we left. They where gracious enough not to charge for the momosasas.
Community is a brunch place next to Columbia. I came here one day to meet up with my cousin who studies at Columbia. Seated around 10 mins on a cozy Sat morning, not too bad. The interior was normal, nothing fancy, but we enjoyed window seats and a tiny desk instead of the long family style tables at the center of the restaurant which gives limited privacy. I really like the hanging lights from the ceiling which is quite cute. The ground leveled glass windows allow you to see the views outside- it is a nice change from the busy pedestrians and giant high rise buildings view of the typical New York street cues in Midtown. Morningside feels more like a college town with older residential building and quieter streets. 
Despite the 3.5 stars I was pleasantly surprised at the food here. I thought it was delicious! Much better than my experience at Stephanie's at Newbury in Boston or even many of the brunch places I've been in LA. 
We ordered the morning specials : 7 grains waffle and truffle egg dish. 
-7 grains waffle: had vanilla cream, raspberry, cherry, and toasted nuts. Tasted slightly more chewy than the usual waffle with flour, and on top there was marinated peach slices and cream. I really like how it wasn't hard and overly sweet- especially how the toasted nuts added a level of crunchiness to the heaviness of the cream. 

- The truffle egg dish: had sausage, potatoes, some leafy greens, sautéed mushrooms, and poached egg on top. To be honest I  could not tasted the truffle at all, besides the garlic and the pepper and the salt; however with this mix it can hardly go wrong. It was flavorful and not overly salty. 

The only thing I guess I can "complain" is that the dishes were small. 
Bill came up to be around 50, which isn't exactly cheap considering how small the portions are- but justifiable still due to the taste.
Overpriced, oversized, oversweet... Oh wait, this is America.

The pancakes with banana and walnut were okay. They could have done without the maple butter and walnuts and would have been better with maple syrup. I'd rather have paid half price for half the portion.

Bottomless coffee was standard.

The waitress serving our table was polite and courteous considering how many customers she was dealing with. 

Having seen the title of this place, I did expect somewhere a little cosier, trendier, more rustic and more inviting. The interior was a little canteenish and there were only a couple of juices on the menu. I wouldn't go back at these prices and with these crowds.
"I have a degree from Columbia, and now I have to get one from America." - Jeff Winger, Community.

I came here with my friend who also is a huge fan of the show "Community", which used to be aired on NBC then got cancelled and then re-birthed on Yahoo! Screen. That's right, Yahoo! Screen. 

Sigh, oh how I miss the golden age of that glorious, glorious show.

My friend, however, is actually pursuing a REAL degree from Columbia University--not Colombia the country, unlike our hateable yet lovable ex-lawyer who attended Greendale Community College.

She chose this place because of the name--I mean come on, can't get more fitting than that--and because of its proximity to Columbia's campus. Community Food & Juice is literally a few blocks away, so it's perfect for students.

On a nice New York morning, we had brunch and got to talk about everything from racist experiences to the TV show we can't quite get over. 

The food? My chocolate pancakes were pretty darn good and pretty darn rich. I don't know what I was expecting. In fact, the "syrup"--not even sure what it is (apple?) was kind of overkill because the pancakes and chocolate were far sweet enough.

I also got a shiso mojito which sounds fancy--and it better be for the $11 I paid for it. Flor de Cana aged white rum, fresh lime juice, shiso-mint simple syrup, yuzu splash, muddled mint, and crushed ice made up the drink that Jeff Winger would have called a "kid's drink".

It was pretty strong but the shiso-mint did come through, so it was worth it (I'm rationalizing the price right now).

All in all, a pleasant experience with nice service and nice company. It's not every day I get to go to New York, take some subways to meet a friend, eat some good food, get a tour of a top university, and walk away with my wallet much lighter.

On that note,

"It said market price.  What market are you shopping at!?!?!" - Troy Barnes

Man I love that show.
We stopped in for lunch. We had ordered three things the beet salad, the rice bowl and the veggie burger. The place was packed. Even though it was packed service was very good. The beat salad and rice bowl were delicious. Although we thought the veggie burger could've used another flavor component.
Solid breakfast place in Morningside Heights.
I came here with a friend - we were seated promptly and service was attentive. The decor was beautiful and the lighting was warm - a great place for a brunch date. 

I ordered the Country Breakfast and the eggs were delicious and fluffy, the biscuit was moist and flavorful, the carrot hash browns were warm and comforting, and the ham was sweet and juicy. 

Pricing was around $15 per person, which was reasonable for the quality and amount of food, especially considering it's New York. The restaurant is within walking distance of Columbia, and I would recommend for a nice brunch in the area!
Nice experience there.
My friend n me went there early to enjoy pancake with fresh juice n on site coffee.
Thanks to the kind service as well,i will remember this restaurant as a Columbian.
This place is really good for breakfast and has great pancakes, sausages, eggs. Although you really have to spring ti get in, since there are very big lines to eat.
